# Lightroom2Tumblr
Lightroom plugin to export pictures from Lightroom to Tumblr.com
## Prerequisites
* Lightroom 4 or later
* Lua 5.1 (later versions will not work with LR4)
* Tumblr account
* PHP-enabled webserver to host the callback script called by Tumblr in the OAuth app authentication process
## Installation
1. Create a new app in your Lightroom account settings and note the "consumer key" and "consumer secret" generated by Tumblr for the app.
2. Copy the file `src/Info_Template.lua` to `src/Info.lua` and insert the consumer key and secret in the appropriate places in `Info.lua`.
3. Install the PHP script in `callback/lr2tumblr.php` to your webserver and insert the URL to this script into `Info.lua`.
4. Build the plugin
```
cd src
make dist
```
5. Unzip the generated archive `lr2tumblr.zip` to your Lightroom plugin folder. On a Mac, this will usually be `~/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Lightroom/Plugins`.

The following steps 6-10 will only need to be done once at installation time:

6. Open the "Plugin Manager" in Lightroom and add/enable the plugin.
7. In the Lightroom "Export" menu, create a new setting for exporting to Tumblr.
8. Enter your blog name and authenticate the plugin to Tumblr by clicking on the "Authenticate button" in the plugin export settings.
9. Your browser will open a Tumblr web page, on which you will need to confirm access. You will then be redirected to your script (installed in step 3) which will display a verification code.
10. Enter this code in the dialog box shown by the Lightroom plugin.

11. The Lightroom to Tumblr export plugin is now ready for use. 
